Update and improve README plus fix version references (#234)
confluentinc/kafka-streams-examples: docs/index.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The container named ``kafka-music-application``, which runs the Kafka Music demo application, actually contains all of
Confluent's `Kafka Streams demo applications <https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-streams-examples>`__.  The demo applications are

> packaged in the fat jar at ``/usr/share/java/kafka-streams-examples/kafka-streams-examples-5.2.1-standalone.jar`` inside this container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packaged in the fat jar at ``/usr/share/java/kafka-streams-examples/kafka-streams-examples-|release|-standalone.jar`` inside this container.
```

> packaged in the fat jar at ``/usr/share/java/kafka-streams-examples/kafka-streams-examples-5.2.1-standalone.jar`` inside this container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packaged in the fat jar at ``/usr/share/java/kafka-streams-examples/kafka-streams-examples-|release|-standalone.jar`` inside this container.
```

This means you can easily run any of these applications from inside the container via a command similar to:

> .. sourcecode:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. codewithvars:: bash
```

    # Example: Launch the WordCount demo application (inside the `kafka-music-application` container)
    $ docker-compose exec kafka-music-application \

>             java -cp /usr/share/java/kafka-streams-examples/kafka-streams-examples-5.2.1-standalone.jar \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            java -cp /usr/share/java/kafka-streams-examples/kafka-streams-examples-|release|-standalone.jar \
```
